PGO will now turn "huge_pages" to "try" or "off" based on whether hug… (#3581)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/guides/huge-pages.md

When you enable Huge Pages in your Kube cluster, it is important to keep a few things in mind during the rest of the configuration process:
1. What size of Huge Pages are enabled? If there are multiple sizes enabled, which one is the default? Which one do you want Postgres to use?
2. How many pages were preallocated? Are there any other applications or processes that will be using these pages?
3. Which nodes have Huge Pages enabled? Is it possible that more nodes will be added to the cluster? If so, will they also have Huge Pages enabled?

Once Huge Pages are enabled on one or more nodes in your Kubernetes cluster, you can tell Postgres to start using them by adding some configuration to your PostgresCluster spec (Warning: setting/changing this setting will cause your database to restart):

```yaml
apiVersion: postgres-operator.crunchydata.com/v1beta1
kind: PostgresCluster
metadata:
  name: hippo
spec:
  image: registry.developers.crunchydata.com/crunchydata/crunchy-postgres:ubi8-14.6-2
  postgresVersion: 14
  instances:
    - name: instance1
      resources:
        limits:
          hugepages-2Mi: 16Mi
          memory: 4Gi
```

> This is where it is important to know the size and the number of Huge Pages available. In the spec above, the `hugepages-2Mi` line indicates that we want to use 2MB sized pages. If your system only has 1GB sized pages available, then you will want to use `hugepages-1Gi` as the setting instead. The value after it, `16Mi` in our example, determines the amount of pages to be allocated to this Postgres instance. If you have multiple instances, you will need to enable/allocate Huge Pages on an instance by instance basis. Keep in mind that if you have a "Highly Available" cluster, meaning you have multiple replicas, each replica will also request Huge Pages. You therefore need to be cognizant of the total amount of Huge Pages available on the node(s) and the amount your cluster is requesting. If you request more pages than are available, you might see some replicas/instances fail to start.

Reviewer: :question: Should it be... 
```suggestion
This is where it is important to know the size and the number of Huge Pages available. In the spec above, the `hugepages-2Mi` line indicates that we want to use 2MiB sized pages. If your system only has 1GiB sized pages available, then you will want to use `hugepages-1Gi` as the setting instead. The value after it, `16Mi` in our example, determines the amount of pages to be allocated to this Postgres instance. If you have multiple instances, you will need to enable/allocate Huge Pages on an instance by instance basis. Keep in mind that if you have a "Highly Available" cluster, meaning you have multiple replicas, each replica will also request Huge Pages. You therefore need to be cognizant of the total amount of Huge Pages available on the node(s) and the amount your cluster is requesting. If you request more pages than are available, you might see some replicas/instances fail to start.
```
